docs: auto-add projects as MCP servers (#10096)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Agents/mcp-server.mdx

## Serve flows as MCP tools {#select-flows-to-serve}

When you create a [Langflow project](/concepts-flows#projects), Langflow automatically adds the project to your MCP server's configuration and makes the project's flows available as MCP tools.

> If your Langflow server has authentication enabled (`AUTO_LOGIN=false`), the project's MCP server is automatically configured with API key authentication, and a new API key is generated specifically for accessing the new project's flows. See [MCP server authentication](#authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Langflow server has authentication enabled (`AUTO_LOGIN=false`), the project's MCP server is automatically configured with API key authentication, and a new API key is generated specifically for accessing the new project's flows.
For more information, see [MCP server authentication](#authentication).
```

> To disable automatic MCP server configuration for new projects, set the `LANGFLOW_ADD_PROJECTS_TO_MCP_SERVERS` environment variable to `false`. See [MCP server environment variables](#mcp-server-environment-variables).
> 
> Even with automatic configuration enabled, you can still manually select which projects are exposed as MCP tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Prevent automatic MCP server configuration for Langflow projects

To disable automatic MCP server configuration for new projects, set the `LANGFLOW_ADD_PROJECTS_TO_MCP_SERVERS` environment variable to `false`.
For more information, see [MCP server environment variables](#mcp-server-environment-variables).

### Selectively enable and disable MCP servers for Langflow projects

With or without automatic MCP server configuration enabled, you can selectively enable and disable the projects that are exposed as MCP tools:
```
